0.  GIF = 256 colors, JPG = 16,7 million colors, BMP 1 bit = 2 colors; 4 bits = 16 colors; 8 bits = 256 colors; 24 bits =16,7 million colors, PNG-8 has 256 colors; PNG-24 has 16,7 million colors
1.  GIF
2.  Lossless compression lets you recreate the original file exactly (breaking a file into smaller form for transmission or storage. Lossy compression means that it eliminates unnecessary bits of information, not possible to recover full image.
3.  JPG
4.  FAT = File Allocation Service and is a linked list of disk clusters that DOS uses to manage space on a random access drive. Two things occur when deleting a file. The system modifies the files first character in the files directory entry to signal that the files has been deleted and that th directory entry can be recycled. Second the system moves all the files clusters to the hard drive's list of free clusters. The actual file data is never touched.
5.  Sanitize hard drive information. So overwrite the data so that it cannot be recovered. For example by overwriting every block with ASCII NULL. 
6.  stdint.h is a header file in the C standard library to allow programmers to write more portable code by providing a set of typedefs that specify exact-width integer types, together with the defined minimum and maximum allowable values for each type, using macros
7.  Gives you the possibility to reserve the space in memory that you need for a certain integer. uint means unsigned integer which meand that the integer needs to be positive normal int can be either positive or negative.
8.  BYTE are 8 unsigned bits. DWORD is a 32 bit unsigned integer. LONG is a 32 bit signed integer (so both positive and negative numbers are possible). WORD is a 16 bit unsigned integer.
9.  Magic nummbers (unsigned integers 66, 77)
10.  bfsize corresponds with the size of the BitmapFileheader and bisize corresonds with the size of the BitmapInfoheader.
11. The number itself suggests the height of the pixel. A positive number suggests a pixel from bottom to top. A negative number from top to bottom.
12. BiBitcount
13. That's possible if the infile doesn't exist for example. Or whenever you dont have access to the file.
14. Represents 1 byte. For example 1 time 3 bytes in RGBTRIPLE
15. Padding is 3 if the bi.biWidth is 3
16. The fseek function is used to change the file position of the stream stream.
17. The value of whence must be one of the constants SEEK_SET, SEEK_CUR, or SEEK_END, to indicate whether the offset is relative to the beginning of the file, the current file position, or the end of the file, respectively.AKA current position of the file pointer.
18. Milo Banana dun it
